
DONE
mb array[10] to count average fps
test button inputs and gamepad - working
make fps independent game loop (with sf::Clock i guess)
divide code to different cpp files
window resizing - use render target texture - DONE
screen scaling
recreate everything from sfml template
character control (inputs) - add input method choosing (gamepad 1, gamepad 2, keyboard?) and current detected gamepads
divide code to funtions and structs(like: Playerstruct, draw_debugging_metrics, draw, toggle_fps_lock, ...)
level editor (in txt for now)
movement collision
Big input refactor & unhardcode player inputs
camera - side-scrolling


IN PROGRESS

 gravity (and jumps?)
make good jumps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mo1-sKYbks0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KiK0Aqtmzc&t=216s
check out raylib template platformer

TODO - make test game (engine demo)
pause system (and UI)
sound system
animation
make RPG-7

Make button input config (txt) file and load bindings from it
refactor after "engine v1" done - sweep comments, restructure, fill declaration.cpp, make "debug" and release game mode e.t.c
compile release build and test it on VM and then on dimkanet's PC

Texture loading and unloading system and characters' ids system to link them with texture
different game "scenes" - levels basically

draw text stats&metrics for debug
draw player collision box in debug mode
define tile resolution (64 pixels) and refactor all "tile usages" - done???
error handling and output - "falied to load ..." (investigate what is try/catch)
write tests (unittests i guess)
saves - game state (serialization?)
timestamps - UPS - game logic has to update at fixed rate (60 per sec)
make custom delta_time for game logic (to be able to invert ime without breaking gameloop)

try level editors - LDtk, Tiled
try OpenGL integration
try online sockets
try Box2D physics
maybe make rez options (with buttons only for now)
refctor - maybe write corresponding declaration in it's modules - draw, load, e.t.c (to reduce coupling)
try to "static link mingw32 libraries" i guess - put all dll libs into exe file for release/shipping


Problems:
    Window crashes when audio output device is changed (miniaudio.h "ma_IAudioClient_Start" - line 20258) 
        miniaudio crashes (in any version) only in raylib - miniaudio (github page) examples work just fine ???
        need to investigate further in raylib - in InitAudioDevice() i guess (need to learn how to debug properly)
        (try to use miniaudio in game window without raylib's methods such as InitAudio)
        
    Audio system is broken - on 1500+ fps game there is a small digital noise regardless of volume, even if muted - WTF
    Fix ToggleFullscreen by implementing code from SetWindowMonitor(which is sets fullscreen too in fact)
    Performance slowdown - might be a bottleneck(probably fine) - when on primary 1440p display in borderless mode
        - fps is dropping form ~2500 to ~1700, frametime from ~0,3-4ms to ~0,5ms, in motherloving ToggleFullscreen() it's rising up to 3000fps!
        Found the cause - nvidia shadowplay! (it's switching to game window in borderless)- slowing ~33% performance (on high framerates) (only primary monitor)
    
    Initial resolution and aspect ratio is hardcoded - might need resize_texture2d
    Txt level dimensions are hardcoded (maybe just expand them - MAX_DIMENSIONS)
    Cursor is disappearing in borderless with discord or OBS - Well... what can I do?
    FPS Monitor (sometimes?) crashes SFML window upon closing FPS Monitor
    Pushing out of stuck in static_object_collision() don't work properly


Don't be afraid to delete parts of code!